[Music]
Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh?
[Music]
Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh? Yes.
[Music]
Give me that mercury.
Mercury.
Huh? Yeah.
[Music]
Give me that mercury.
Huh? Yeah.
[Music]
Mercury.
Yes, darling. Yes, that was fine. But
one more time from the top, please.
[Music]
Lovely.
That's what you want. What they say?
[Music]
It's
darling.
I know it's
gone.
My lovely,
[Music]
that's what you are.
I do wonder sometimes, is it really
worth it? The beauty, the praise, all of
it.
I don't know. Sometimes
it just
I don't feel it
truly
[Music]
[Applause]
shining star.
[Music]
That's what you
You're a shooting star.
That's what you are.
[Music]
My shooting star.
Oh, wouldn't that be fantastic?
Just ride a shooting star
far, far away from here.
From friends,
from love.
Like, help me. I'm growing. I'm like
from everything that keeps us bound.
If only I could
[Music]
go
I've got to go.
[Music]
You're everything.
You're a shooting star.
That's what you are.
[Music]
The love letters throwback.
I don't mean to keep you, darling, but
could you stay?
What's kind of crazy is like,
please.
When the original Love Letters came out,
it was 2016. Love Letter Love Letters
Colorless came out about 3 years later.
So, it felt like a million years between
Love Letters one and and uh Colorless,
but now it's been six years since Love
Letters Colorless,
which is twice the amount of uh time
between Love Letters and Colorless. So,
you know,
fascinating.
Okay.
Um,
away. Oh, thank you, puny whoop. Oh,
thank you. But go away. Um,
baddy released.
Daddy said, "Hello, Mama Steady."
Release releases the battery.
really a thing.
Oh,
okay.
Oh, stream something here.
We are
to to to some effect.
Um, sorry a little late.
went to see the
Superman movie, I suppose.
Not normally.
Not
really big on superhero movies to be
honest.
Um,
but the movie was very good actually.
Like I was a fan of Marvel when I was
like a teenager.
Um, and then like
I don't know how many movies into the
MCU
we went, but I was like starting to
realize like this is like all the same
and I'm really bored and tired of
everything. And then it got worse and
then like with every subsequent movie
somehow the budget for their like
visuals, their CGI got so ass.
and like there is like very little
redeeming factors about anything.
Um
I tried watching some of the shows and I
just got you know [__] with that. I
think maybe the only redeeming factor
for Marvel after uh
I guess after Endgame maybe the only
thing I really enjoyed after Endgame was
like the Loki series and that's it.
And that's cuz they were actually trying
something different for at least one
moment before going back to the same old
[__] Um
I I am so sick of superhero [__] in
general. I've been sick of superhero
[__] for I guess like most of my adult
life.
But
uh the superhero movie is is great
actually.
Um, the good news is is that in the
superhero movie, the there's like an I'm
growing sentence, which is like really
good.
Um, that like that like made me sort of
like sit up in my seat a little bit.
It's like, oh my god, I'm growing.
The usual term for it is cape [__]
Actually, we're saying super slop.
Thanks, Bean.
Moonlight Glow.
I said super soft because of Moonlight
Glow.
The Super Slob situation is insane. Um,
my only like real complaint with the
Superman movie is it's like it really it
still is a quite straight core and it's
it's a little bit like
I don't know. I'm like
I'm 26, man. And like I still am like
averting my eyes at kissing scenes and I
feel like it's just because of how
straight this [__] is.
I can't look at it. But other than that,
uh, the movie was really good.
Maybe the only superhero movie in recent
anything that I could say that it's
probably worth watching.
But I love my slop. The slop is what the
scientists give me as a reward for
testing. What? The football milk? The
foot the the Gatorade scientists.
Looks like Looks like someone's working
for the Gatorade scientists in chat.
That is that is We could play the We
could play the Gatorade.
Let's play the Gatorade. Why not?
It's been like a year since we've last
played the Gatorade video on on stream,
so may as well.
The first time I drank Gatorade.
My first sip of the football milk we
call Gatorade.
You want to know about my first
encounter with the sweet neon soup of
Gatorade?
The first time that I drank Gatorade.
It's
a story I know very well.
Well, I was hanging out with my brother
and his friends and they were all
drinking Gatorade and it was making them
scream.
I was on an airplane and a flight
attendant brought me a glass of a bright
red neon souvenir. I asked the flight
attendant, "What is this?" And she said,
"It's called Gatorade."
I remember that one night my father
brought home a huge bucket of beautiful
blue syrup. My father said, "Here is
Gatorade." I just started a job at an
investment firm and my boss takes out a
bottle of Gatorade and he says, "You're
on Wall Street and we live for
Gatorade." And he just started sculping
it down. I took a sip of the Gatorade
and I could feel the electrolytes turn
my body into strong wild garbage.
My boss handed me a glass of the sweat
potion and I took a sip and there it
was, the taste of Gatorade. Couldn't
believe how sour it was.
I started screaming, "The sour taste.
The sour taste of Gatorade." And at the
same time, my father was screaming, "I
knew you would understand." I took a sip
of the Gatorade and I love the way that
the power of the electrolytes made my
nose bleed.
I was so happy because I knew my veins
were getting pumped full of football
milk.
I turned to my boss and I said to him,
"The sour taste of the sweat potion is a
nightmare and I'm going to drink it
every day for the rest of my life."
When I was finished with the blue
Gatorade, I said to my father, "I have
tasted the sour sweat potion. I now need
a new flavor of Gatorade. Bring me a
Gatorade that is bitter instead of
sour." And my father turned to me sadly
and I saw tears in his eyes and I knew
the terrible truth.
There was no bitter Gatorade.
And then I started screaming about how I
deserve to fly the plane because I was
the one with the most energy, but they
didn't let me fly the plane.
When I found out there wasn't a Gatorade
flavor called Bitter Mountain Rush, I
lost the will to live.
The power of the football milk took me
on a vision quest to the Gatorade
laboratories, which are in hell. And in
my dream, I saw the Gatorade scientists
doing
Sorry, I'm just like such a huge fan of
how casually they just put in which are
in hell.
Took me on a vision quest to the
Gatorade laboratories which are in hell.
Like the they look aside and they're
like, "Yeah, which of course and like
with the intent of like communicating
visually which are in hell." Of course,
you know that, but like you know, I'm
mentioning this for the viewers.
All all jokes aside, where the [__] do
they find these at the actors for Click
Hole? Cuz like they're able to deliver
these lines with such precision and
without laughing at all. It's so insane.
And in my dream, I saw the Gatorade
scientists doing exercise experiments on
all the football players and they were
dying. The sweat professors kill the
football players with their Gatorade
experiments. I know the Gatorade
scientists are running exercise
experiments on the football players and
that many of them get killed in the
laboratories, but I don't care because I
need the electrolytes for my tantrums.
Every night since I took my first sip of
Gatorade, I have a dream where a
football player comes up to me and
whispers, "It's time." And as soon as he
whispers this, a human arm holding a
bottle of Gatorade bursts out of his
chest.
The sweat professors who invented
Gatorade belong in the worst jail there
is. The football players drink the sour
sweat potion and they go crazy and
that's amazing. But then when they want
the bitter Gatorade, it can't happen for
them.
Death is too good for the Gatorade
scientists.
What was your first sip of Gatorade
like? Share your story. Sweat potion
memories.
Oh my god, the dollar bill made the
music. So,
you know, Misty, consider maybe
switching switching careers with this
one cuz, you know, the the Gatorade
scientists are kind of evil.
You don't have to get wrapped up in all
that, you know.
Oh, they gave you the slop reward.
You are contributing to like their war
crimes. However, you know that
you know it's it's very dangerous. Also,
just completely tangential,
I'm also thinking about the I I I quote
this one a little too often.
I've lived in New York City my whole
life.
Honestly, I barely recognize the city
anymore.
It used to have a lot more grit. You
know,
New York is always changing, and that's
what I love about it.
I miss the old New York.
[Music]
In 1931,
Mayor Walker saw an ad for the Empire
State Building in a Sears Robbo catalog
and ordered it with next day shipping.
So, they air dropped this thing right on
33rd Street, but there was a man
standing right under it eating an ice
cream cone. They dropped the whole
building right on top of this guy.
He lived for a few more years half stuck
under the building. And us kids used to
come around and give him ice cream. Nice
guy.
Back in the 60s, a dinosaur skeleton at
the Museum of Natural History still had
some meat on it. I miss that meat.
When I was a kid, the 9/11 memorial
wasn't nearly as nice as it is now.
Gentrification has definitely changed
the city.
I remember when they tore down Bob Dylan
to put up a Starbucks.
Things used to be simp
I remember when they tore down Bob Dylan
to put up a Starbucks.
Starbucks. Things used to be simpler
before those bigname stores came in.
When I was a kid growing up in New York,
you'd get your milk from the milkman and
your hair from the hair man.
I think rock and roll died a little bit
when they shut down GCD, GMG, YJ, GFG,
KF, GBGs.
Oh,
punk fans, you know the pain.
Oh, Blondie and Television and Talking
Heads. So many legendary bands started
out there. It was basically a right of
passage to go there as a teenager and
become a founding member of the Ramones.
I was in the Ramones.
Everyone was in the Ramones back then.
It was a wild time.
Everyone was in Musicians at Ponyville
back in the day. It was a wild time. It
It was It was a right of passage to go
to San Francisco, California, and become
a founding member of the Musicians of
Ponyville. Most of the great New York
delies are gone now. My family always
went to Graceman's.
Best deli in the world. No question.
I remember the Power Rangers used to
hold court in the big booth at
Greatman's.
One time the owner of the place brought
his son into the deli and when he turned
his back, one of the Power Rangers ate
his son. The owner was so mad. He said,
"Power Rangers, did you eat my son? That
does it. you are kicked out of here for
good. But they just kept coming back.
Those guys were
Whoever whoever [__] played this
character needs like I don't know how
much they were paid, but they need to be
paid twice as much. Like they came in
here with the most energy.
Son, the owner was so mad. He said,
"Power Rangers, did you eat my son? That
does it. You are kicked out of here for
good." But they just kept coming back.
Those guys were untouchable back then.
That sure was a different time.
New York has changed so much, it's hard
to believe it's the same city I grew up
in. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
New York is always changing and no one
knows what it will change into next. I
predict it'll be a basketball.
New York will always be New York.
I predict it will be a basketball.
It's like sure, but it's like
I can't [__]
legendary
pass.
I just I just can't stand those words.
As a teenager,
started out there.
It was basically a right of passage to
go there as a teenager and become a
founding member of the Ramones.
I was in the Ramones.
Everyone was in the Ramones back then.
It was a wild time.
What is basketball milk? No, no, no, no,
no.
Milk on this one. Basketball is all
about the soup.
Anyway, the sour taste of sunscreen.
[Music]
Is this No matter what again?
Do we We got no matter What twice in a
row in like the same week.
twice.
How nutty
o
turn up my volume for this one.
There's no way this that
can't tell.
Oh, is it colorless?
Okay, there we go.
[Music]
[Applause]
Who and why? Now announcing moonlight
glow.
Now announcing moonlight glow.
Daddy said moonlight glow.
Wait. Holy [__]
Said hi.
This is really funny because I know
where everything is.
I can't even tell if this is I can't
even tell if this is a real article.
OMG.
I won't I would I wouldn't be surprised
this a real article, but like the way
it's worded seems so like
sensationalized. Kind of funny.
I hope it's real.
Anyone want to fact check that for me?
We need the moon base alpha TTS.
New gens don't know what new base moon
base alpha is.
Moonlight said a link.
Okay.
Earth.
The psychologist who recently claimed
that her uncle can no longer even tie
his own shoes branded the present a
feckless old man.
That's kind of fire.
It's on her YouTube channel.
What? What is happening in the world of
our world? I don't even know anything.
Okay.
Well, I hope I hope our world is super
bony world.
May Arya relocate him.
praying to Arya.
Okay,
[Music]
let's
not
dillydally this day.
And let me say
we're get Oh, it's upside. I didn't ask
everyone. It was going to be upside
down. [__] Okay. Well, it's upside
down.
Damn it.
Sorry. Sorry.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I should I should have
paid more attention to what I was doing.
Ooh,
he said ow.
Take a relax about it.
Oh, [__] The Black Ops 3 disc is coming
out. Okay, there it is.
You
[Music]
Let's go gaming. DJ Khaled voice. Let's
go gaming.
[Music]
We're getting right to it. This time not
giving me a chance to Yeah. for two and
a half hours.
What's my favorite cereal is a good
question.
I
I'm going to be honest, probably just
Honey Nut Cheerios because they're very
neutral and I don't have to think about
them. They're like my creature kibble.
I like honey bunches of oats.
Everyone was in the honey bunches of
oats. Oats back in the day. It was a
wild time. Now he said mood.
Wait, why are we starting on a cut
scene?
Oh, probably because I stopped at point.
What's become of the amber?
Sorry, nothing yet.
But my little helper is creating quite
the commotion.
Everything will work out just fine.
As long as you can keep your dog under
control.
Not a dog.
He's a good boy. predictable.
Fine, keep your mud, but don't come
crying to me if you get bit.
Don't come cry to me if you get bit.
Type guy.
Reminds me of a young pizza dog.
Moonlight glow.
Leon, changed your mind yet?
Assuming you haven't, I've got a tip for
you. Seems like something big is about
to go down in the throne room.
Babysitting's tough, huh?
Hey, Ada. Ada.
Perfect.
We're trying to get out there.
Head for the throne room. Wait.
I have so many reds and nothing else.
Uh,
let me go talk to the guy.
Got some new ways, stranger. You're in
for a treat.
I'll treat you.
Welcome. I got something new for you.
Thought it was a Tommy for a second.
That cash in your pocket or your life.
Easy choice, mate.
I'll buy. Not bad. Welcome.
How do I do the thing? Let's just Here
we go.
[__]
Not enough. Not enough gemstones. I
mean,
maybe I'll just be lazy.
It's fine.
Come back.
Need
I
take my necklace.
Thank you.
Okay.
I don't know.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Your valuables won't do you much good in
the grave.
I can sell the unto him for money. This
not a good idea. But that's actually
just a toy of him.
Oh, my back is killing me. Years haven't
been kind to us, I suppose. Got a
selection of good things on sale,
stranger. You'll get some bang for your
buck. I guarantee it.
Oh, I can repurchase.
My wares are in tiptop shape.
Let me see. Let me get rid of this.
Ruby makes no difference. the price
will. That's our choice to make.
Rid of those for now. I'm pretty sure I
can reby them.
I'll buy it at a high price.
Yes. Okay. So, now I have that. And now
I say, what do I say?
That cash in your pocket or your life.
Easy choice, mate.
[Music]
Say this.
I'll hand this over when you've got the
space.
Anything else I can help you with? Don't
get yourself killed now.
Take a relax about it. Okay, hold on.
Swear this. I don't I haven't really
been using the bolt thrower, so I'll
just put that there for now.
Um, can I use some of this stuff?
Yes.
Okay.
Welcome.
Do this. that there's
you'll be shooting off some nasty
fireworks in quick succession with that.
I'm scamming this poor soul. He's here
to help me.
What you see is what I've got.
We've been saving that one for the
better to be overprepared.
Am I right?
Okay.
Got a selection. Pleasant travels.
We'll see how this works, I suppose.
I have nothing to combine this with.
But it's like fine.
Yeah.
Back to wide shotgun.
Okay. So,
I need to go over there
to get over here.
Wait, do I go here? No, that's just the
Who's yelling?
I use the SMG on something like that.
Uh,
I was still surprised there wasn't like
a fight in here.
Knight
defeat the strong knight.
Oh.
[Applause]
We can go in here now
as Leon as Kevin
now. Where did those knights go?
This was this door.
This was this place.
Okay.
Some nights in here.
some night side. I don't remember the
song.
Hi.
Can I help you?
You can't come through this. Oh, yes you
can.
Can we get a Oh, let's try this.
Oh, I don't love that. Oh, I don't love
that.
Not bad, right? I don't I don't like the
spread of the shotgun. I might try the
other one back.
[Music]
Technically, it was three shotgun
blasts, unless I am misremembering what
just happened 3 seconds ago, which is
very possible cuz I do do that. But I
thought that was three.
To be fair, it was it wasn't necessarily
point blank, but it shouldn't have to
be. The other shotgun was doing just
fine.
I'm sure there's a use case for the
shotgun with that much spread. Like if
you're in a room with like a lot of low
health enemies that you could just take
out that way, but like
not really my play style.
The size must be rippling.
We say that like they're like ocean
waves.
bike mania.
Okay, this was that room.
This was the elevator.
One gunpowder for you and me.
11:04.
[__]
Hello, stranger. Welcome. Oh, what you
buying?
Got to buy it back. It's
that cash in your pocket or yours? Suit
yourself, stranger. I don't think I sold
it. Actually, I did not sold it.
Now announcing moonlight glow.
Okay.
Okay. Good.
So throne room
is this way.
No,
other way. Yeah.
[Applause]
Okay.
I thought maybe I get like a little rest
bit for a moment.
What is the way with the Okay.
[__] monsters,
dude. Relax.
Oh, I need blue.
And I need green.
Mhm. Mhm.
I guess I'll eat this.
Okay. Well, if I'm going there,
what is down here?
Moonlight glow.
Oh, it's locked. Okay. I was going the
right way.
Well,
this place kind of looks like my room.
What the [__] is that?
Oh, many of them.
Okay. I don't I don't very much like
this.
You are really slacking on your pest
control.
Oh, I get it cuz they're bugs.
[Applause]
So, where did it go?
Great.
Huzzah.
What the [__]
[Music]
City. Hello Baba City. Hello Bassid.
Okay.
Okay. So, head shot go a long way with
these ones. I'm finding
like a really long way.
Come on.
I really need blue.
I guess I can use a million SMG ammo.
Cannot tell if these are spawning
infinitely or not.
All right.
Okay. You see, you seem really excited
about that one, Leon.
This the way,
Leon. This is the way.
Okay. These are like the only These are
like the only things in the game so far
that are actually like giving me a
little bit of a fright. That's great.
It's good.
I was like waiting for this
cuz the game has been pretty mild. I did
not mean to do that. I meant to craft
it. It's fine.
This is PS5.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Holy [__]
Relax about it.
my bees
to be by your bees.
Precisely dear nut.
Precisely. Dear not,
that's battle.
Focus.
[Music]
Hi
Heat. Heat.
Mhm.
Coming back to this classic music.
[Music]
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
No more music. Did I kill them all?
Oh yeah. Oh, another red herb was like
exactly what I thought. Like, oh great,
just what I wanted.
There we go.
Did that open up room guy?
No room guy for me.
[Laughter]
Oh, Kennedy. Not much of a knight, are
you?
Your princess is a spirited individual.
I must say, she gave us a considerable
amount of trouble.
Leon has nothing to say.
There's got to be a way to lower that
draw bridge.
Yes,
sir.
Oh,
something I missed.
It's amazing how much detail they spend
on some of these environments that you
only spend like 10 seconds in.
Oh, more of these.
Great. There's two of them.
Okay.
I might reinforce this just for the hell
of it.
Oh, okay.
Break through.
[Applause]
Oh my god. Okay.
Okay.
Here.
Am I just like shooting armor?
Damn.
Oh, wait. That's right. Got to get to
the back of him.
[Applause]
Might
have to restart this part just a little.
Yeah, I'm definitely restarting this
part.
Wait, not dead.
Okay, now I'm saw the health part going
to zero.
What is the way to do this? This is some
Dark Souls [__]
What the
great? There's two of them.
My knife not working.
They're
in.
Gotcha.
Oh no.
Gotcha. Heat.
Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
I hate you.
Got that.
Is that one down? I think
[Music]
Wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
[Applause]
[Music]
Okay.
Can you let go?
[Applause]
I have like nothing.
And I'm stuck here.
They're not a single health item in
here.
[Applause]
Okay, now
Sincerely, no health items. I'm one hit
away from death.
Let him
[Applause]
[__]
Holy [__]
Okay.
Okay. Why am I fighting green herbs all
of a sudden?
[Music]
spinning.
[Applause]
No.
coming
out.
Good.
Turn around.
[Applause]
Holy [__]
Okay.
Section
of the game.
that we play.
Oh, great. More things.
Ashley,
Leon, stop. No, don't come any closer.
Are you hurt?
Watch out.
Please do continue.
Do not resist, my dear. It serves only
to make yourself
all the worse.
Please, please,
Senor Kennedy.
Undertale.
Hang in there, Ashley.
I'm coming for you.
It's my Undertale.
It's
my Undertale.
Give up the ghost, huh?
Talk about sticking the landing.
Oh, I get it.
What the hell?
Hi.
[Applause]
Come out now.
Huh?
Relax. It's just a dank crypt.
Daddy said a
Oh my goodness, that crown is so
elegant.
[__]
Give me a break.
No, I don't want my Arthur to get TV.
Meet the Robinson's ass machine.
Was that a baddy cameo?
Swed's
over, I suppose.
What are you doing down here?
Welcome. Oh, what you buying?
Prove a deal well struck. Come
back and welcome.
Thank you.
Good as new. Easy work.
Stocking up while you can. Wise choice.
Better to be overprepared.
Am I right?
Oh, my back is killing me. Years haven't
been kind to us, I suppose.
Wield him. Walk. Don't get yourself
killed now.
Haha.
[Music]
Emergency liquid nitrogen showers.
[__] Not good.
Yeah, I didn't mean to.
Eat the fish.
Shoot.
These people are not right.
Oh, I didn't realize.
What?
What's my wobble?
I should wake up apparently.
Oh,
I set my alarm for the AM again.
Everything's making sense now.
[Music]
What?
I press the evade button.
You You're Ramon's lap dog.
Come here.
Frozen's a good look for you.
Eat this.
Perfect. Didn't take more than that.
Where am I?
Oh,
hey.
What's your move?
I pressed evade.
I pressed the vade.
I I don't What?
Eat the goddamn fish if I can't [__]
do it.
Take a chill bell.
Wait, let me eat the food.
You were playing hide and seek. Is that
it?
I don't want to.
Oh, now it works.
You son of a [__]
[Music]
A
heat.
Come here.
I can't move.
Anytime I can move would be nice. Thank
you.
Come here.
I have no health.
Heat.
[Music]
I'm like out of ideas here.
I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
Am I just like
Okay, I'll do the whole thing over
again. However long that sequence was.
You remode's lap dog's
present for you. Eat this.
Looks like it's going to take more than
that.
So, we're playing hide and seek. Is that
it?
Am
I like just like waiting for this
elevator or what?
What's your move?
I pressed evade. Bring
us
all.
This section is uh mildly annoying. Look
how obtuse it is.
Your remote's lap dog.
Frozen's a good look for you.
Eat this. Perfect.
It's going to take more than that.
[Music]
Going to find out how long the section
will take. Ned time.
Yeah, I know. Yeah, seen it before.
Thank you. What's your move?
Hi. My thing's not ready yet.
You do this.
I think you need to chill out.
I get it.
Out of the way.
How's that? It's difficult.
Bye.
Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Come
too long.
So now what?
Guess I am just waiting for the
elevator.
I don't see any other of the
liquid nitrogen things.
I'm just waiting here.
It's apparent how how how sucks this guy
is.
This guy's not very good at killing.
Okay.
Except when he traps
Getting
tired of these games.
Okay.
[Applause]
[Music]
Little lamb.
Your suffering came in just as it has
from our newest daughter
who has joined us in communion. And now
she is of our flesh.
of our blood.
My man disciple will show her the path.
Go now.
Deliver to the vagrant children their
salvation.
As you wish.
I'll make it cheap for you.
Okay.
Was
it by far the longest healing chapter?
[Music]
Feeling better?
Yeah, seems like it worked.
Bad news. All we've done is buy you
sometime. The suppressants effects will
wear off all too soon.
You ready to go?
Don't worry about me. Ashley is the
priority.
In that case, we know what we have to
do.
Then come Sopan. Let us rescue the
princess. Dulfire.
You're going to hurt yourself.
Hey, that was my lands.
Okay, we hurry. I get it.
They're gay.
Why help me, though?
What's in it for you?
No need to be suspicious. I said I'd
help you, didn't I?
I have something I think you'll like.
Welcome. Got some rare things on sale,
stranger.
Ruby's all rubbish. It makes no
difference. The price will. That's our
choice to make. That cash in your pocket
or your life. Easy choice, mate.
Fully automatic sounds like kind of
scary.
Anything else I can help you with?
Hard times, mates.
Okay,
dude.
We've just been standing here. How are
you out of breath?
Okay.
Uh, started stream kind of late, so I'm
going to end the stream now. But
next time hopefully get more time in
with this [__] game
cuz I feel like I think we're like
halfway with it or something. From what
I've seen,
[Music]
it's like fine
said then it was stream
before is a long game. I mean,
I think it's less of a long game and
more just I'm not making a lot of
progress on it and I'm playing really
slowly.
But uh thank you for coming. This is
this is a Violet Pony
or something.